The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room. She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels. The secret code they created made no sense, even to them. The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots. He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number. All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat. She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house. He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others. The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit. The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke. A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids. This is a test. The river stole the gods. I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan. They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory. In that instant, everything changed. The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him. He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility. If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas. She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do. We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along. His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row. It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone. He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker. They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars. He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom. That was how he came to win $1 million. Greetings from the real universe. If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds. We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa. Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year. They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food. He always wore his sunglasses at night. In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words. Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind. She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say. She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams. She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us. I am my aunt's sister's daughter. It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday. Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen. Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was. It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy. Love is not like pizza. He was sitting in a trash can with high street class. The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling. Hit me with your pet shark! I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake. He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven. Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world. It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair. The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup. He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom. Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world. He spiked his hair green to support his iguana. He colored deep space a soft yellow. hello world. Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick. Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence. A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days. In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library. The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us. I am my aunt's sister's daughter. She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news. This is a test. He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes. The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms. Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all. When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food. She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it. Courage and stupidity were all he had. It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball. Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either. Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture. Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone. Flying fish few by the space station. You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake. David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it. Red is greener than purple, for sure. He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway. Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower. It must be five o'clock somewhere. The book is in front of the table. The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours. He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there. She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels. She advised him to come back at once. If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history. Love is not like pizza. She always speaks to him in a loud voice. Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological. As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs. They were excited to see their first sloth. Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same. The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use. He shaved the peach to prove a point. The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable. The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots. I covered my friend in baby oil. A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt. He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell. It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy. The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen. The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room. He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength. Just go ahead and press that button. Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world. You bite up because of your lower jaw. People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying! The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm. She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides. Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past. There are few things better in life than a slice of pie. They were excited to see their first sloth. He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway. The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle. hello world. He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there. This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent. Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water. Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals. We have a lot of rain in June. She was too short to see over the fence. He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course. A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham. Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all. She cried diamonds. Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie. Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico. He was sitting in a trash can with high street class. They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory. Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen. I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice. Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind. The old apple revels in its authority. Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires. You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean. She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath. Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal. Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard. Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real. He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems. If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas. He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid. The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke. The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up. The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go. It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors. He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.